CONTRACT_CERTIFIED_LIST env (#268)
blockscout/docs: for-developers/information-and-settings/env-variables.md

| `CONTRACT_PROXY_IMPLEMENTATION_TTL_VIA_AVG_BLOCK_TIME`                        |          | If `false`, proxy contract implementation will be re-fetched immediately once someone opend proxy page bypassing average block time calculation. Implemented in [#9155](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9155).                                                                        | true                                                                                                                       | v6.1.0+ |
| `CONTRACT_AUDIT_REPORTS_AIRTABLE_URL`                 |          | URL of AirTable to store audit reports from users. Implemented in [#9120](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9120)                                                  | (empty)                                                  | v6.1.0+  |
| `CONTRACT_AUDIT_REPORTS_AIRTABLE_API_KEY`             |          | Access token for `CONTRACT_AUDIT_REPORTS_AIRTABLE_URL`. Implemented in [#9120](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9120)                                                  | (empty)                                                  | v6.1.0+  |

> | `CONTRACT_CERTIFIED_LIST`             |          | Comma-separated list of smart-contract addresses hashes, to which "certified" flag should be applied. Implemented in [#9910](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9910)                                                  | (empty)                                                  | master  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CONTRACT_CERTIFIED_LIST`             |          | A comma-separated list of smart-contract address hashes, to which "certified" flag should be applied. Implemented in [#9910](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9910)                                                  | (empty)                                                  | master  |
```
